rossanodan-issue-32: work on CONTRIBUTING guidelines (#39)
EddieJaoudeCommunity/EddieBotUI: CONTRIBUTING.md

possible.

## Our Development Process
We use GitHub to sync code to and from our internal repository. We'll use GitHub
to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## Pull Requests
We actively welcome your pull requests.

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `develop`.
2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Make sure your code lints.

## Issues
We use GitHub issues to track bugs. Please ensure your description is
clear and has sufficient instructions to be able to reproduce the issue.

There are three types of issue templates:

- **Bug report**
  Use this template if you want to report a bug or a defect. try to be more specific as possible so that everyone can understand and reproduce the bug.
- **Feature request**
  If you think that a particular feature should be added.. use this template to explain your idea in details.
- **Custom issue**
  Custom template, use this wisely.

## Coding Style  
* 2 spaces for indentation rather than tabs
* 80 character line length
* Run `npm run lint` to conform to our lint rules

## License

> By contributing to Draft.js, you agree that your contributions will be licensed

Reviewer: I think it should be our repo's name here right 😅 ?
```suggestion
By contributing to EddieBotUI, you agree that your contributions will be licensed
```

Author: @BOLT04 yes, I also forgot to mention Draft.js for the template!! I will update the PR tomorrow 💪🏻

* Run `npm run lint` to conform to our lint rules

## License
By contributing to EddieBotUI, you agree that your contributions will be licensed
under [MIT license](./LICENSE).

## Need help?
For **help**, **support** or **questions** please use our [community chat](https://discord.com/invite/jZQs6Wu) on Discord.

---

> Special thanks go to the [Draft.js team](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js) which inspired us with this template.

Reviewer 2: Is this meant to be `Draft.js`?

Author: Yes @eddiejaoude, I used their template. Clean and with essential things. We can simply add things to it :)

Reviewer 2: Ok 👍
